Essay 1: 	What does a play written by Shakespeare called Hamlet about kings and mice traps and a play written by David Auburn called Proof about mathematical equations have in common? Madness and Trust.  In Hamlet, once King Hamlet dies, it hints that Hamlet is not the most mentally stable, but once King Hamlets Ghost talks to him, his quest for revenge is clear. Hamlet plays a shadow game in order to achieve his goals. On the other hand, in Proof, Catherine is morning her father when her sister tries to have an intervention with her during which there is ample amounts of profanity and screaming. Madness and trust are both concepts that drive each play. Similarly, madness controls both the protagonists, Hamlet and Catherine, and trust or lack of it exposed true intensions. Differently, Hamlets self-awareness of his madness displays his cunningness and aptitude for deception but also exposes him while Catherine is not aware and does not let it expose her. 	Neither Hamlet nor Catherine can escape the madness that controls them or the trust that exposed their true intensions. Directly following King Hamlets Ghosts testimony about how he actually died, Hamlet divulges, Yea, from the table of my memory / Ill wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, / That youth and observations copied there, / And thy commandment all alone shall live (1.5.98-102). Hamlet is allowing his pursuit of revenge to fully control him without any restraints to keep him in check. This is important because from this point on, the play is driven by Hamlets madness formulated by his desire to avenge his true father. In the first scene of Proof, Catherine has a conversation with her deceased father,  Catherine: You died a week ago Robert: Heat failure. Quick. The funerals tomorrow (1.1, bottom of pg. 4). Catherine is having an entire conversation with a dead person proving she is mad or delusional. It explains why she acts childish throughout the play and wont cooperate like a normal adult. Similar to Hamlet most of plays conflict following is driven by her childish behavior derived from her madness. Not only does madness controls the protagonists but trust exposed their true intentions. After Claudius stands up and leaves the play, Hamlet speaks with his friends,  Sblood, do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe? / Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, you cannot play upon me (3.2.334-336). Hamlet once saw Guildenstern and Rosencrantz as his friends who he trusted but now knows that they are loyal to Claudius not him. By calling them out for trying to spy on him, Hamlet reveals that he is aware they are spying and that there is something he is hiding despite never mentioning it. In Proof, after Hal and Catherine sleep together, she gives him the key to the proof, resulting in, It does look like his. I didnt show this to anyone else. I could have. I wanted you to be the first to see it. I didnt know I wanted that untillastnight. Its me. I trusted you (2.2, middle of pg. 19). Catherines true intentions were to publish the proof as her own. Catherine trusted Hal yet he does not believe her exposing her madness and childish behavior when she does not get her way. Overall, madness and trust issues engulf each play exposing characters true intentions. 	Differently, Hamlets self-awareness of his madness displays his cunningness and aptitude for deception but also exposes him while Catherine is not aware and does not let it expose her. When Hamlet speaks to his friends, he reveals, I have of late, but wherefore I know not, lost all my mirth, forgone all custom of exercises; … Man delights not me – no, nor woman neither, though by your smiling you seem to say so (2.2.280-281, 290-292). Hamlet is aware of his madness and using it to cover up his true intention of killing the king, which is why he is leading on his friends. Since Hamlet is aware of his madness, he uses it to his advantage. The only time Catherine does the equitant is during her first conversation with her dead father. They speak about how crazy people dont question if they are crazy. Nevertheless she never knowingly uses her childish behavior to her advantage. Also madness is the downfall to Hamlet secrecy, which is proven by how he handles the play and throws it in Claudius face causing him to send Hamlet to England. Catherine again does not have an equitant because it out of her control if the proof is proven correct and although her childish behavior does not help her case it does not expose her true intension. Hamlet lets his madness be his downfall Catherine does not. Although both characters and plays have similarly with how they handle madness and trust, they also have strong differences, which outweigh the similarities. Madness controls Hamlet to a much stronger degree than Catherine, causing him to be more tactical with it even thought it appears to be his tragic flaw. Essay 2: 	Hamlet is a play by Shakespeare that is widely taught across the globe for many years. Copious amounts of teacher and student alike have tried to grasp its full meaning and context, but Wolfgang Iser suggests that each persons meaning is based off of their own experience therefore each person meaning is unique. Hamlet is about a fatherless son trying to protect his widowed mother and family honor by any means necessary whose weakness is fact that he cares too much. 	   In the first act, Hamlet displays feelings about his passed father and quickly remarried mother. When speaking with his new stepmother he says But I have that within which passes show - / These but the trappings and the suits of woe (1.2.85-86). He depressed about father passing and that is doesnt believe his mother nor stepfather understand him truly. This is important because Losing a loved one especially a parent effects everyone different, sometimes it sends them a down a downward sloping path to destruction, others its the motivation for working hard and being successful, and for some it could be anything in-between. Hamlet is also now the male head of the family, which back then and still to some degree today would mean he is the protector and provider of the family. Second, stepparents are a complicated matter depending on the situation because it is easy for a child to see them as an intruder to the family or a poor replacement for biological parent. Although Hamlet is not a child, he still takes this approach to Claudius which obvious when he says, My fathers brother, but no more like my father / Than I to Hercules – within a month … She married. Oh most wicked speed, to post  (1.2.152-153, 156). This shows that he does see Claudius as a poor replacement and is upset about how fast he replaced his actually father. The timing of a stepparent is very difficult because how does one decide when it is too soon or too long and having seen it go both ways both equally cause problems. Nevertheless, he does find a valid reason to hate Claudius when his fathers ghost tells him about how Claudius kills him. 	In the second act, Hamlet begins to prove how far he is willing to go to protect his family. He lies to friends and sacrifices them in order to protect his family. For example, he speaks to Guildenstern and Rosencrantz he lies to them playing up how much he is truly depressed. He recognizes his internal struggle questioning himself, Am I a coward? (2.2.523). He spends lots of time worrying about others and overthinking their thoughts without explicitly knowing them. His desire to put his family first comes at great determents to his own mental health. 	In the third act, further proves his willingness to put his family above all else. First, he insults and bashes Ophelia in order to keep to secret alive when others are listening in on their conversations. Yet this backfires, Claudius begins to see Hamlet as a threat. Hamlet further proves this theory to Claudius how handles to play in which is calls it the mousetrap. During the play he adds narrations only in order to scare the king causing him to send Hamlet to England in fear of him. 	 Hamlet proves he is too cares to deeply about the matter when he is unable to kill Claudius when Claudius is praying. He has spent the entire play trying to avenge his father, protect his family, and bring honor back to the family and when he gets the perfect opportunity to complete his goal, he can not. Hamlet believes killing him at his moment would since him to Heaven and he wants him to go to Hell.  He needs to overcome his own mental weakness and craziness to achieve his goal, which in whole is what Hamlet is about, overcoming adversity and hardships in order achieve your goals, whether it is avenging your father, moving on, being successful, you need overcome the obstacles which most often then not it is yourself, more specially your own mindset and outlook on life, like how family own mind stopped him from achieving his goals.    