A rebel statement sent to Lisbon from Jamba said 86 government soldiers and 13 guerrillas were killed in the fighting that ended Jan. 3. It said the rebel forces sill held Mavinga.
Authorities last week issued a vacate order for a club in Manhattan and closed another in the Bronx.
At the first Pan Am bankruptcy hearing, for example, at least five airlines were represented.
Mr. Neigum, poker-faced during the difficult task, manages a 46-second showing.
This, combined with the container division talks, suggests the group's bankers might be considering an orderly disposal of all assets.
She told the Post in an interview published Sunday that some of the money may have become "mingled" into improvements on her home that included a swimming pool, a $2,500 wide-screen television and renovations to her basement.
According to a study by the Marshall Institute, the average NASA employee's age in 1963 was 30; now most of its senior and middle-managers will be eligible to retire in five years.
Preston Tisch, 62, is president and co-chief executive officer of Loews Corp. and is a former postmaster general.
"We're dealing with an owner who couldn't give a rip. They cut off her mail and she got a post office box." Starting Friday, an animal-control officer is accompanying Finster on his route.
Asked if he might bring the world leaders to Texas, possibly to San Antonio, the president remarked, "That's a distinct possibility.
He said Muscovites, who gave him 89 percent of the vote in a two-way race in March, would be "partially satisfied." On the march to Pushkin Square, a city bus stopped, and dozens of passengers got off to join in.
Changes to the VAT rules mean a Pounds 900m tax payment in the second half.
"He came up to me and said, `You tell Mickey Roache,' our police commissioner, `he's doing a wonderful job in that Stuart case and we're with him all the way,"' Flynn said.
The government tried to forestall any criticism from African countries that have accused it of being too cooperative with South Africa.
But the official left open the possibility of such trials for Saddam Hussein, his clique and other officers accused of committing atrocities in Kuwait.
"My husband says he's not sure he'll be employed next month." Some retailers insist all the promotional sales, savings coupons and other marketing efforts are drawing customers.
We look forward to providing a unique and exciting shopping experience to the region." Macy's operates 149 department stores in the United States under the names Macy's, Bullock's and I. Magnin.
But other major banks left their rates unchanged, and after Black Monday those three banks quickly lowered their rates back to 9 1/2%.
So he joined Hyatt's frequent-guest program; so far, he has cashed in on discounted and upgraded rooms.
De Klerk said Wednesday's balloting ratified his reforms.
"The results are highly encouraging," said Auxiliary Bishop James T. McHugh of Newark, N.J., director of the church's Diocesan Development Program for Natural Family Planning.
Mr. Hoover expects industry revenue to grow 19% annually, reaching a 1990 level more than double last year's estimated $6 billion.
The entree, like the politicking and gossiping, varies each week.
Under the first civil settlement of Boesky-related cases, reached in January, the 46 investors in Boesky's partnership will receive $248 million in liquidation proceedings.
In-Store's president, Steve Kahler, doesn't view Shoppers' Video as a big threat.
Quaker Oats Co. today reported a 9.2 percent drop in its third-quarter earnings, citing an extraordinary expense of $20.7 million stemming from the consolidation of its European food-manufacturing operations.
Can we never see eye-to-eye until all 120 million Japanese become Christians?" My second encounter occurred in the late 1980s, when I overheard a comment as I passed by a meeting room in the New York head office of a major financial organization.
In addition, union and management have promised to work together to resolve problems arising from layoffs, production schedule changes, major investments and day-to-day decisions once left entirely to management.
While the results of Gulf States' campaign remain to be seen, it is also arousing the company's easily aroused critics.
"The item veto is not a simple, politically neutral device for bringing about economy and efficiency in government.
"This isn't a hostile offer," said Stuart A. Rose, chairman and chief executive officer of Audio/Video, a Dayton, Ohio-based electronics parts distibutor.
In the long term, stock in the drilling company may have value, he said, but he isn't assigning much value to it at this point.
Some analysts believe the CBS network had a loss of $20 million to $30 million in the fourth quarter and may show a loss in the current period.
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds fell to 8.54%, the lowest level since mid-July of last year and down from 9 1/8% as recently as about two weeks ago.
The kit has an adaptor with crocodile clips 'enabling access to be made directly into a convenient wall box.'
Last year, the FDA said it would allow people with life-threatening illnesses to import personal supplies of unapproved drugs.
That would be quite impossible without either uncounted cash subsidies or uncounted in-kind aid that frees up cash that otherwise would be needed for necessities.
No children in the sixth-grade classroom at Most Pure Heart of Mary School were hit.
As the first wines of the year, the Beaujolais nouveau, normally considered an inexpensive lightweight, served as a bellwether to both quality and the price the market will bear.
The sterling value of overseas equities and bonds was also greatly increased. So, it all worked out well in the end, but, nevertheless, the fundamentals of UK equity market valuation are stretched.
They have been rallying by the hundreds of thousands to push for more control over Kosovo, an ancient Slav heartland bordering Albania that is now dominated by ethnic Albanians.
'At the beginning, the Mexican attitude was very macho.
"My gut reaction is that consumers wouldn't be aware" of the alleged safety problems, said J.D. Powers' Mr. Cedergren.
